hey thanks for turning into the smoke
conflate cuisine channel my name is Sean
and today I'm going to be making classic
buffalo wings
these buffalo wings is a hit trust
believe when I say they all right hit
every cookout I throw they're the first
ones to go any family gather we get
together they are the first ones to go
they are the bomb they're mouth-watering
and you're gonna be able smelling
straight through the camera coming to
the kitchen with me I'm not to show you
how to make these means I'm putting on
my apron because right now real jazzed
up and I want to get any hot sauce on my
clothes and stain my clothes even though
it's OxiClean and all types of products
out here I rather just uh keep it nice
and neat so that's what my aprons for so
come on in and let's I'm going to tell
you about the products I'm using today I
am using some coarse kosher salt by
Morton
it's just sprinkle on chicken and I'm
just going to use a little bit and some
black pepper going to season the chicken
with some Lowery's season sod some
Frank's redhot this is the classic
seasoning and sauce to put on your hot
wings your buffalo wings I might call it
both because that's what they were known
for both hot wings ake a buffalo wings
so I have some garlic powder ran out the
Kroger's got some garlic powder and some
onion powder I got some Caribbean
tradition a great with the by grace
chicken seasoning but also seasoned with
that and I have some unsalted butter so
would that be si I like to use our
salted butter I like the taste of it
better than salted butter and if you
would like to sort the butter you can
put some salt and all you can just use
substituted for salted butter okay I did
wash my chicken my rested and vinegar
and also in the course
that I'm using a kosher salt and I put
it on a paper towel to drain the excess
water off of the chicken so right now
I'm just going to take the paper towel
out from the chicken and I'm going to
season the chicken as well so you
sprinkle just a little bit to people
that are accustomed to cooking and
seasoning chicken you know you can
probably put like a half a teaspoon
teaspoon of seasoned on it and then also
now have the garlic powder I'm going to
open the garlic powder and put some
sprinkles on the chicken
sprinkle by the teaspoon this you
definitely want your seasoned salt next
I have the chicken seasoning you can you
can find this on the International Isles
I'm just going to drop a little bit of
coarse salt on it
not as much you know I don't want my
chicken to be salty so um just going to
sprinkle just a pinch that's it you can
marinate your chicken overnight you
don't you know you definitely the
seasons will set in more you can
marinate for a couple of hours maybe
about two to four hours and the in a
figurative you have some time or you
know for the busy people out there if
you don't have time and you really want
to get these things done just just
season it real well and it'll be just as
good ok did want to tell you guys that I
did add some extra virgin olive oil and
I'm going to sprinkle it over the
chicken right before I put it in the
oven this is a mixto chicken brown and I
usually tend to use this rather than
like use water because it cooks the
chicken fast and chicken uh every change
with a lot of water so it usually once
it starts cooking down it has his own
water and you know it it becomes perfect
either or either way you want to use it
you can use that you can add water or
not but I choose not to and I just add a
little bit of olive oil
it comes out her feet okay I did set my
oven to 400 and just slid the wings
right in there in gonna let them cook
have a half a stick of butter unsalted
butter remember I am using unsalted
butter butter the recipe so I like to
melt this butter in a pot and once that
melts down one just add the hot sauce
okay I just melted a half a stick of the
unsalted butter and now I'm going to
pour in the hot sauce I want to just use
the whole bottle and this is a 12 ounce
12 ounce right hot first step once this
gets hot then I'm going to add the the
wings in and then I'm just going to
smuggle the wings in the sauce you know
get it on all sides and then you want to
bake it for another possibly 10 to 15
minutes and they will be done okay
now that this sauce is hot you're going
to add in the wings Adam and won by like
usual I'm going to use my hands but you
can use a fork but I'm going to use my
hands and like I said I get down and
dirty stuff
spread them out let the wing simmer for
about five minutes in the sauce and then
you're going to add them to the pan
remember to taste your sauce the more
spicier the less butter more butter less
spicy
and I'm ready to add them add the waist
of the pant
I just put the wings back in the oven
for another 15 minutes or so 10 to 15
minutes give or take and then they'll be
done just can't help it I'm gonna wash
it down well close until see their sugar
Rita
cold froze them the best all right oh
yeah I get the cooking so you see what
I'm having see y'all
what's your definition of an independent
woman woman is somebody could be bad or
bottoms up doesn't have to rely on
business
my future depends on me you can leave
them anyone be no deal because you can
still do everything you're doing before
then I think that a lot of women thinks
that me it's not needing any money I
think it means the opposite I don't
think a woman should define goes out
independent you'll have to remind him
this one is way me it's not the dollar
when it comes to big ship he comes down
to the ambitions of your pants and if
it's about a partnership then really
less than that so that's what she says
you know person who's the money said if
I look at them as a prostitute to labels
the prostitute commander you a slave the
cash I always like a double standard for
a man to be a little cocky with his when
a woman she can't she have to be
extremely humbleness she got the money I
don't think that's fair righto I don't
really gravitate towards the hole deeper
meaning I grab a change to it
she's definitely an independent woman if
you have ego then you must go
wrong with that why can't we have a
powerful you have you know a married
woman can say yes I could be independent
academic easy and I don't you got choose
not to take your myself
Oh
you know man you know to me I think he
should be in with this I mean she's
independent she she would be able to
sustain about certain level stability
cost a little without I had to doubt the
Fed of women is kind of tricky
the like I hear that I might end up in a
moment I get stuck up more as the years
roll they're losing their feminine side
they go into the room being a man to
find somebody in to find love you have
to be willing to accept the person for
who they are if you're in economy
if he's not thinking that you could have
to be admitted in Norfolk you probably
we need to create a way for these
relationships work and you know people
have expectations women say I'm working
towards my most relationships saying
what the angle instead of what the car
gonna do I want to am I gonna clean out
well you know what I work so that'll
mean it your car's your carburetor phone
on phone speaks ACOG I see you gotta cut
the yard and hit vertical breaking and I
see you guys looking to bring the
burglar and I work
we want equality which is what we say we
wanna be a man what a man and then but
having a man role we're we're looked at
as it were probably you checked it we
try to use we have negative factor
always down necessarily control about
her man put it she can think you can
support him the way she needed to she
wants a great man of her life but you
know what she's not going to go down
hill go chase someone defend themselves
and their thoughts and their ideas
because attractive thing about a woman
or a man is relate to say confidently
well they are whether it fits the norm
or not to me that independence such
thing is an independent woman because
we're all dependent upon each other
you